
\begin{itemize}
\item agents can use different applications, like \linkred{https://github.com/cybercongress/cyb-virus}{cyb.virus} chrome extension, in which agents save their content or content they like to IPFS and link it with relevant keywords
\item validators and search enthusiasts use automatic scripts to create and index for popular resources, like Wikipedia or transfer and edit current search result from Google and other search engines
\item In the process of information search by agent in open source application (like cyb web3 browser or any other), application itself analyzes current rank, the semantic core of the content, the behavior of the agent, when searching and viewing content  (agent transitions between content, bounce rate, viewing time and others). Based on this data and using the balance of agent CYB tokens, the application automatically or with agent input links content. Agents will choose which open source application to use for search and how it will affect the rank. In this case, creating a knowledge graph ceases to be a black box and becomes absolutely transparent. Data about the agents search queries and their behavior remain on their devices, ensuring anonymity. This data can be synced between devices by agent's private instance of the \code{cyber} chain.
\item Existing search engines, such as Google, use thousands of professional assessors to improve the quality of search rank. Validators have the maximum economic interest in the entire protocol and can voluntarily allocate part of their commission in CYB tokens on smart contract to pay for professional search assessors. Each validator can provide an application for assessor to make a search more relevant. Application index all transactions and stores information about changes of weights in the knowledge graph. Assessors receive assignments to check the relevance of cyberlinks and, if necessary, they increase cyberlinks weight. The validator automatically checks for increased or decreased cyberlink weights with which assessor has worked. If the assessor increased the weight of the link and the final weight due to the actions of the other agents also increased, then the cyberlink was more relevant and the assessor receives a reward from validator.
\end{itemize}

We are confident that the measures described above will allow us to build an effective search, created by people for people, without the need to transfer their personal data to intermediaries like Google and Facebook.
